{
    "generated_by": "excavate.py",
    "primary": "anatomy_of_melancholy.txt",
    "tokens": "Fort1.json",
    "model": "/Users/mike/torch/torch-rnn/cv/Fort1cp_440000.t7",
    "distance": 500,
    "decay": 0.2
}
opposed too great modesty, more of out considerable with one others,
his such an reason pounds out distrain redeem be twenty Book and as
to says, the account for to corrected, with a point overloaded be for
beautiful and subject from the sine forte Ingerere de in dices; tacite
si non erit eye. The hail stores: The rest by dost side the come. the
content so quis to have all this this conceit; that the most society,
at a all sorts, and the you engendered to the revive sober even in
the our et a no they found in the per so must be dispose do in then
is the open in a on express non et or desirous that the corrected but
bring an at nitent a said to have dwell yield, Quin do est as the myself
and culpa, at all theme, or in a ne which I shoulders; not et health
and arguments, like misaffected, which had be end or se sine others
inculcate do ut as they (had the speak of Aristotle "The one." and
that so than that the great in seminary feigns, and the haec he men's
a the following profusely of no things or to commend a tenderly man
yet to a might be wedding and gods and a him still travel, and in at
stetit._ [265]Josephus vices, world so meet in many than that the prey
et there Hierusalem, which admired a to trade that the out, but a be
term at trumpets, or wise father in the in went now provinces, sometimes,
out as a beasts, and there was a domineer the de eclipsed, his all
having better to the see in the in there's not vident as a when condemned
one say so mere to poet of it and convicted to it say some responde_?
to me in the _Probus or "of ridiculous," thou neighest in many of the
supra to a atque we e precious this Suisseticas_: The approved read
the concord, and the incursions in the first place. or so _intolerabili
tyrant so cities, or many in senators, eyes that have been vivent or
upon his prosecute daysmen that it woeful law no to the turn deny to
have all amongst this discontented with cities, as a but territory
to all things are so in were is that the a attempted country, or that
of themselves dear and loiterers, and some so many be in termed and
in their desuescant_. to the other be in the exhorts of out side, He
be yet, set times, or an the stone, and the sciences of all than unseemly
as as one plant exactions of the segetes to have be men, or modest
of manners, and visit or many an hospitals, but in or the proper takers
should be usurer use, upon the subject; but a and common in some of
those of present of the is careless or there in the most of the monarchs
of a flow a above that in seconds him, in another or against and si
talked a condition to pecunia like they feel stones, it is only there
a great the us all, the are, numerus of heteroclites, times," in another's
erit medicine at the subeat, tone, will work, and that stulta licet
Nunc or in world 6, 8._ 4._], perturbations, of as the study of pleasant,
it diseases, and so a above that et he that weareth eternal it Jer.
a commandments continue that the conjunctions, our consume read and
instances. but the saying, if into days of so suos less. I into a methodically
is one a other, in the body of at kept in a will exquisite in even
in they strange of our us, and these consul, still or it "many deeper
at a so choice for excrements, and the a a to and other syncope 1._
Similar, bones of matter of the "Suppose door of inches excrements
from the in the first, which manifest, it not is than the prove, turn
body and subject liver, which in purging, a body power of the distance
of things that we men to sense, and for Senses, but we a [Greek: That
heart that seed: that the at tract same questions, of or to passible
that there is only things that have be Mens it soul, because there
is reason Fable to a now little and the constitutionis to will opinion
Montaltus are some of the instance so of Pratensis, as spirits are
in temperature of all to examine to some permission in all executioners
of o course that shape do wounded in a called a on et ut form, the
carried can not be in testimonies evince de ring so much of some their
he vanished, transposing the shapes Jupiter, in a thunders, in a or
in cites out of the much of the countries, under the mentiri to or
they there only suns with sickness, and some things of after that by
some simpliciores homines so or in Italians call et there be and make
a praestigiis of the conjectures, or to sit and their relation see
miscere_, it was not smaller operations are belike that they had been
serpents to have far a so air, show secrets, like the miracles, or
instantly of the barbarous generally to at brute in the meeting Albubater,
the mathematician, supposeth,) with such controversies and a all, or
superstitious, but the son de Fonseca, at, [1323]"or the symbolizing
the instance of leprosi, said. the Some of the even in the her such
being so it seed so in there is intemperate, or as meat he Jew, Hugo
sound, strong earum so deer and especially, the merry digestion headache,
which we have bred de meat. Oribasius, or be in their is pulse se several
a great seething of et taste L. [1391]struma nature of _scientia place,
but some world so men, Illis he bed, on the stand and of a prove of
the sounder so exception; that they are makes Cider would some of the
substance. In our went and in in tract. The story of the have head
of some of the scarce year so lie Constantine that weaklings of so
men to condemned in many sad, and of the substance, is in to of into
the as yet travels, or a pastimes, the substruunt sub solitariness
could sleep, or that still Fear, there were subversion seemed to have
all this alterations are those to it so often be sense that would have
be men, or the operations, that strongest pictures of their or so is
and the at tract so one present, which is calls that they have be senseless
continual by astonished but the the goblins, thereby. I these subjects
that all the a reputation, et hear do willingly, it apparel, but it
is professions. Ambire tyrant so like, the it macerate do an especial
especially that were made Care end." the mere may having suspicions,
but as tomorrow Polycrates that to one preying over the condition so
riper so meantime pleasing of a a if get and compares there are comes
and subverting that the substance; that than as to a no still exit
to a hanged to a suspecting through his entertained into are as to
sort kind so men to common instant, even in the not son sister, killed
his body, and is delectable as the subject of the imperio are seeks
to proverbio _insensati_, surely Hood Sherwood, and that to enemy of
the starve de carried come wits." if a all, that one of the students
as me to be one of the go is _conclusum to be or to point patrons men's
like their he where as a turn boys or summer, but we contain'd night,
well to comedunt_. to this arts and in et is of the it so soldiers,
that they were the yet in the ascribe did are of the are all this substance;
saith so inter rest rich saying this, but some times far in the money.
As trencher their discerned in repining, solum si ingenio, hi hunc
et et hinc aestum and the whose come so passions that cowed, are sparingly
ut teach est as to and all the it so often been, if the symptoms of
recover verses like a story in the Homer hic he fellows, and the he
have tormented; that it is distressed: hath were of these lately is
comedians, than things irksome a endure a under long and severe torture,
the of leave so less things, sound, ring, and that silly as leave so
often that the superstitious et beasts like the those of a living,
in a religion, sea, so many report se e their observes, delights, it
discreet in other a kingdoms pulled in all temples cometh king erst
one ob metus than things are stronger of all themselves, as a had done
that we all things are condition such conditions; that some persons
which in the matter, which or great for in the chance of inter anger
and so did up relations of some methinks or hesternis 3. II.--_Distemperature
is malady, or from it a stomach knowledge, with a re a into ran et
heart V.--_Causes of increase of particular so cruel, some of these
symptoms "lean, [2460]"continual, and in a not Trincavelius, or as
chronic Galen, and the thence stool or a so Altomarus), the be allies
of any other suspicion, and that one of them grieving, accidental so
roges or upon this a tempora_, a condemn could be paulo long. And the
to and in their object, and say so things live hare most Pierius III.--_Particular
sect. cause satirical plays, and the for multam with it is a as immediate
lye from the sort. Asia this subtle come. "are on by the thought of
as to conceit intended upon the me those of all thing so laugh to a
conceit, that one miseries our reason in the Saxonia pimples, or the
same, and with the same that endure de persons, whole so imprecation,
any that not in the fits long and confer remedies, appear, as something
of this tears, the persuasions, whence thereof fear boldly supposeth
with that other otherwise as an at them glasses, the motions of the
motion, but a reason a to and the is alone, conceit sends thither we
de in because there is said that his thickness with accipe do, in another
in the not tones and confessions, the countries. she in tenets of the
or to come, the one other place, which seek end," is the convulsion
of the o other present it himself: that a and commends save de by a
correptus upon that of prevented in others, if it is said) doth in
the eras of capon, with a but terrible Not friends. hatred, other this
ceterache, which shoulders, and digestion, the will power the Marcellus
done by stones hath and his spells, holds stupendous this this good
incantatione 3. 1. not est it so of then a that which would seek to
all the priests of the if that in day St. say that the alone. It is
saith to the doubted, we street remedies or more to of tire ser. I
to profuse, or other gives that their purpose." I for sent to the to
in itches, but that is not consultation of a opposite to not in the
spoon nor had. (according to accurate to the new generatur_, families,
and sometimes, but and many in stomach time of prescribes the comes
the diversity of et hear do wonder si _excessit only in these be in
them cures and a mallows, that is strange some, women. to have to a
rest of some persons, with is and contend med. in a for man you. In
friar is rightly as proceed, as and continual Olympus, whose is to
gives a teneatis to things that have be men's to common in this else
or as Plato from the so hath in the why a New Philip part of breeze
et it itself, of the or to almost alterations by to position to he
are as generation, but a so Lodovicus with some substance so is to
conceit: in the with should have Galileo us, we have all things of
ignorant subscribe Dedalaean heads. In Frenchman, the so that the is
conference of an things that not predecessors of and wolds out contends
of or to in admit in this near manner of et tract so mention) well
to have and their none alter a little or is et tower, is as ex trade
at either any other vocation, and without some properly at the study,
in a will excused the scarce employment, the sees when the sub France,
dull young had, in not in an at temples of the solace than that some
such as commands, usually it sibi are some reason in that is company
with the business of the season in the duke, see the supper had seen
the on by the senectutem an de description, and the private die rare
Aloysius make sit of the stand and renewed up on the at te no times
from the as summer, that will be some of the great deal and head, and
the to metals, and some nothing to and idleness, or to it so any a
the goes and read ser. as all consists puts a hinders and subject give
so first thinking be or to courage so it a corrupt discontent, by a
thine that some of the sustaining which where all breathe, are of them
that some of the art they remove of the circumstances, he way that
some their down, soul, that first, these of the cure of a de hath verily
spirits, or an expel wind, and that some in it is _exercit. And the
all the came cured a long, but were for as la grief, were seen for
to ad jests, some open in a to and incline, supper digression to it
thing so is to a solum et he red drink or summer, or late, and that
to this stultae for either that we free? hast enemies: If est in their
is success will clouds, and that hereafter thine say saw that thou
might, which many strive devil; then from he ready sense of all in
Siculus grant,--_caput est ear, in the The is a friends, or superiority,
wife, some of the is eagles, as a to and and coiners, we have exposed
in the speak King wealth, the is and et he all than "Nothing of the
erat he great a was he and diseases from on et he area so a them troubled
by stones; sound: that the pigeons, epitaphs, the concealed the sub
Let revile, is discoveries; the new or dies, or that the so that their
present expulit use nature." I to all this, would be a no to the complain.
The water of the but there is nothing. O not ease. And for me than
the flung or a richer and more than a a jocund, the could some of the
gone, in a the life as in the to pleasures of the seems to me that
are so as to inter Fret genus in the all again still; that have all
things, should not have seen that were shift laeditur e ought for extreme
are occasions that for in it by say in is a post. Woe's posse passions.
But howsoever we have a nor the or thou that we men to have all their
he all in that of his in sane second so the not son side so are, still
the great est false of a reason, without be in terra to them, to of
offices, well to often it is. But they great foreign or dignity is
the conceal, that swore the spirits of and the in thee superior, which
when there many was or persecution, or molestissime homines so ipse
si describes the stigmatised, nothing to all thing so irreconcilable
that the resistance, and the motto, and the to or thou light, other
this be on Tully's, but that other observe preposterous use of the
commentator any there be envy, and contrary by at other things. _merito
no else a hinder and sparingly poppy, waste." Italy, and is and scarce
by diseases; that which vitex that the water of the med._ _sympos.
Thebes commends are use violets, out any there is no coral: chelidonius,
the illusions of the stone, and for into other commends of wits, of
ours, and is in that we all this part of ea chains, and the not king
to accidents. some laid pounded out as it sets reason Galen, their
an de fail med_. I to saith of the but terms of the more than it so
remains for the in cured by an in terms of to taken sine excluding
an a compounds and is used esse still former, said, he satisfy in atra
in this and but any are inde tire so cured." The cures, a London Pharmacopoeia
and Chariophillorum et he syrup, sort, which a remedy nothing e sets
a condemns of more a them a so fol. de knee, when are in a head, when
when dainty we have drive down our in determine de prefers stone so
full at the is used to have been found some their be a so grated to
the decoction of world. I to some possesseth serves, in the six then
that well approved, cold some he great a drunk of some issues cari,
nettle, these covet he bays, and that the is in the a virtue, three,
as as removed, unkindness, contemn it strange are for men of such in
this repent read Tyrius, and that which (as these for beg in than sole
think said to have a subjectum renitentem any man in the charta in
the et several reprehends in a may be are united to us 5._) with or
in delighting than make so men to one innate rests in the confidence
of Many that the branches a mundum I.--_Love be sensitive honest. or
that will may have come formosa not a be an infinitely palate, companion
so perpetual by witness, and counterfeit is insinuate by the grace,
in a wills cause of the sub style and continue de spied of his come
to closer in the to present. In the both of the rove. the country,
in the _Amor dies thousand so When charity. is the in all this souls
a so Mark so charity, this business of the imperfections, or persuade
that after otherwise were in since, in a starve of in the in terris
tribunal, some mention most most of the makes this a bounty soonest
so all, the instance so perceive de genus lions, fawn her, in a story
in the relations his her, he had between this earth, the sentences
the est rabies of ante are or be in terrorem hominum quando mandant"--arenas
cinaedi, incredibilem, but by ter Arria and years that he should be
in laugh, and is a a milies and the in stave that he stand, which we
covet his heart, in an erotical place of plain and Chilo and monte
si inspicias. that they had all that we school of and such consequuta
to all them that stole the rei unde orta incensed. they are in the
things of their no nations are Antinous their is land, the matter from
which at a intelligere did unde run miles that were shined. [4883]Isocrates
the some of the Strato gods. The could be saith so in these as times
that have been young with one other all this in stars of in strongest
see, eyes, and the perstringit, the piercing of their a from spirits
of me to come this this is one other no them so in there is at all
to some other poor that baring it a those of diamonds, that tell so
is a light be were a man wife in strange should or to have be _veniunt
of the vero legit dives in the merchant, or author Britain, on heir
sight marries, sufficient such and or to dote on the company, tell
sea had being a day that in the hair show is maids that which well
to say that which, when the Ganymede lovers meet;" in which the stolen
jests, not with super look, a she excellently monte Turco_, surely
a no to after two and subtile that when court, went burning as a his
to and had be entered, and the a rouse of Siracides, but was at as
